User stories:

1.
As a user, I want to be able to store the recipe for future. After getting input of tastes and displaying all the dishes with recipes that have those tastes, I can store those recipes by clicking on the like button next to each them. Once any recipe is liked by me, this recipe will be stored in our backend database. In the future, whenever I login back to my account, I am able to view my liked recipe list by clicking on the button “My Favorites”. Moreover, after any recipe is being liked, if those recipes show up as output in future search, the like button next to them will be highlighted to notify me that those recipes have already been liked.

2.
As a user I want to be able to input up to 3 tastes that I am craving as criteria for a recipe search and be supplied with a list of recipes that include these tastes. In a search bar, I will be able to select among common tastes: sweet, sour, salty, bitter, and umami. Among those categories, I can select up to 3 tastes. After selecting and pressing enter, I will be redirected to a list of recipes matching/including those tastes. The matching will consist of recipes that match all tastes inputted (if possible) or give separate recipes that have any of the tastes. For example, if I select sweet and sour, I will be given recipes that are both sweet and sour or be given sweet recipes and sour recipes separately.  If I don’t select any tastes, and I press enter, I will be directed to all available recipes. 

3.
As a user I want to be able to login in to my account and view previous recipes that I have searched for and saved. Each time I query for recipes, I will have the option to save the recipes to my accounts so that I can view them in the future without having to re-search the criteria. The recipes should be easily available and should be returned accurately every time I want to view them. There should be no limit to the number of recipes I want to save.

4.
As a user, when choosing to sign up for this application, I want to have the option of signing in through a 3rd party. Under the sign up page, there should be an option to sign up with Google. Upon clicking, I will be redirected to Google’s sign in page and login through there, before finally being redirected back to the app. Upon returning to the web app, I should be logged in. The app should be displaying my Google account name as my username. I should now have access to full functionality of the website and be able to save recipes and results. This should all be accessible the next time I log in as well.

5.
As a user I am able to input my fitness goal to change the proportion of nutrients of the recipe. There will be a couple of input options, like gaining muscle, lowering body fat rate, or staying in shape. For each option there will be major changes and small adjustments to the nutrition composition. For gaining muscle, the total amount of calories will be increased through the increase of proportion of protein carbs while keeping the rest unchanged. For lowering body fat rate, the total amount of calories of the recipe will be lower through decreasing the proportion of carbs and increasing the amount of various vegetables and diary fibers. For maintaining body shape, the proportion of nutrition will be in a more balanced way so that enough calories could be provided for energy, staying healthy and will not have a major effect on body shape.
